[3.2] Day2 documentation improvements (#526)
suse-edge/suse-edge.github.io: asciidoc/day2/fleet-os-upgrade.adoc

====

The `OS SUC plans` are shipped on each cluster by deploying a https://fleet.rancher.io/gitrepo-add[GitRepo] or https://fleet.rancher.io/bundle-add[Bundle] resource to a specific Fleet link:https://fleet.rancher.io/namespaces#gitrepos-bundles-clusters-clustergroups[workspace]. Fleet retrieves the deployed `GitRepo/Bundle` and deploys its contents (the `OS SUC plans`) to the desired cluster(s).

[NOTE]
====
`GitRepo/Bundle` resources are always deployed on the `management cluster`. Whether to use a `GitRepo` or `Bundle` resource depends on your use-case, check <<{cluster-type}-day2-fleet-determine-use-case>> for more information.
====

`OS SUC plans` describe the following workflow:

. Always link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubectl/generated/kubectl_cordon/[cordon] the nodes before OS upgrades.

. Always upgrade `control-plane` nodes before `worker` nodes.

> . Always upgrade the nodes *one* node at a time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Always upgrade the cluster on a *one* node at a time basis.
```
